Docs: Minor spec typos (#1580)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenShadingLanguage: src/doc/languagespec.tex

directly seen by the camera will directly reproduce the closure weight in the
final pixel, regardless of being a surface or a volume.

> For surface emission, if you divide {\cf emittance} by

Reviewer: I think emission here refers to the closure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For surface emission, if you divide the return value of {\cf emission()} by
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think that removes some of the ambiguity

> For an emissive surface, if you divide the return value of {\cf emission()} by

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I didn't realize which section this was in. Further suggestion:

```suggestion
For an emissive surface, if you divide the return value of {\cf uniform_edf()} by
```

directly seen by the camera will directly reproduce the closure weight in the
final pixel, regardless of being a surface or a volume.

> For surface emission, if you divide {\cf emission()} by

Reviewer 2: Oops, another spot here:

```suggestion
For an emissive surface, if you divide the return value of {\cf emission()} by
```
